# MEDICAL-RECORDS-DIGITIZATION-AND-CLASSIFICATION-USING-SMART-TECHNIQUES
This project proposes to design and implement a new website for clinics, medical centers, and hospitals. Use case, ABC medical center. Electronic health record (EHR) adoption has become nearly universal during the past decade. One of the challenges faced is that medical records are still paper based. Paper-based medical records not only consume space for storage, but it takes time and effort to provide them when required. Paper-based medical record problems are the following: the data is poorly maintained, the data can be lost or damaged, the incomplete records can lead to low-quality data, and the data is redundant. In an attempt to put the patient first, a new method should appear to make it easier for patients to get better healthcare and information. Therefore, the project aims to facilitate medical investigation and decision support systems by converting paper medical records into electronic records (ER). Using techniques such as barcode and color code to ease classification and extraction. To facilitate communication between the doctor and the patient and to store the patient’s data in a safe place instead of paper-based documents that are subjected to loss; to facilitate writing patients' information and accessibility of data for each category, while providing a built-in feature for doctors to communicate together to provide their opinions about the patient's medical condition; to save time for doctors and to deliver the best care to the patient, taking into account the privacy of the patient and the doctor. Also creating a secure way for data and communication to achieve the fundamental purpose of the current health approach. This is to reduce health-care-related expenses. On the other hand, the website contains a live video conference that connects the doctors in the operation room to give a second opinion, which, according to corona disease, will be helpful to communicate safely.
Keywords: live video conference, Digitizing, Medical Record, Electronic Medical Records, Web Services, Health, Medical information systems, second opinion.
